TIFU by going out with a man without realising it was a date and punching him after he tried to kiss me
The Mother's in my family are always killed when their daughters are 15, and now i have discovered why.
AITA for telling my BIL to pay me $700 for my lost coat when I bought it for $100?
Being a dad to an autistic son made me realize how shitty I was in highschool.
My fiancee cheated on me while she was on scholarship abroad
Busted my GF’s Abusive Brother’s Lip
AITA for being pissed that my DIL won’t accommodate my allergy so I am not going to her dinner
AITAH for eating before my date arrived to the restaurant?
I Think My Daughter's Christmas Gift Was Cursed
I killed myself in an Alternate Reality, now I have to fight for my place here.
TIFU I almost lost my job and my mentorship over hitting the wrong button on a work call
TIFU By Standing In Below Freezing Temperatures For Over An Hour For School
TIFU by accidentally rejecting a guy i really liked
Entitled friend doesn't understand the concept of a white elephant exchange.
AITA for telling my sister I'm not donating bone marrow to her?
AITA for telling my mom to leave my son the hell alone?
AITA for not letting another lady do my knitting?
AITA For “Ruining” a family get-together by demanding I get treated like an adult?
AITA? I don't feel like I should be made to give up my only space for my wife's sick parents.
AITA for not sharing a free meal with my anti-Instagram boyfriend?
AITA for refusing to hand over my college fund for my little sister's surgery?
AITA for resenting my mother and thinking she doesn’t love me as much?
AITA for wanting my ex fiance to choose our son over his toxic woman he’s seeing and his drinking friends
AITA for telling my sister her husband stinks?
AITA for suggesting my boyfriend skips my birthday so I can invite someone I was also involved with?
AITA for asking my wife not to forge my signature on ballot applications?
AITA for calling my boyfriend "a dick"
AITA for not wanting to call my mom much because she makes me feel bad about myself
AITA for yelling at my sisters husband for starting a GoFundMe on my behalf
AITA for not putting my child’s father on the birth certificate?
AITA (20F) for drinking underage at my job and not wanting to quit?
AITA for giving my son's girlfriend rabbit fur gloves for Christmas?
AITAH for going topless at a nude beach?
WIBTA if I ask colleague to stop complaining about health and passed away mother?
